Update  5.1 ( Skipped $banID ) (#252)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/blackListRolesIDs.md

# $blackListRolesIDs
Block users with certain roles from using the command. If the user has any role in the blacklist, they will not be able to run the command.

## Syntax
```
$blackListRolesIDs[role IDs;...;error message]
```

### Parameters
- `role IDs`: The roles that will be blacklisted. Separate role IDs using `;`.

> - `error message`: The message that sends if the user has a role in the blacklist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `error message`: The message that will be sent if the user has a role from the blacklist.
```
